notebook related documentation (#832)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/notebook/import_data.rst

all provide the ability to import data with the GUI or the API via the Jupyter notebook.

If using the Jupyter notebook, users can load data into the application through code using the `load_data`
method, which takes as input either the name of a local file or a
:class:`~spectral_cube.SpectralCube` or :class:`~specutils.Spectrum1D` object.

For Specviz::

    from jdaviz import SpecViz
    from specutils import Spectrum1D
    myinstance = SpecViz()
    spec1d = Spectrum1D.read("/path/to/data/file")
    myinstance.load_data(spec1d)

If you need to create your own Spectrum1D file::

    from specutils import Spectrum1D
    flux = np.random.randn(200)*u.Jy
    wavelength = np.arange(5100, 5300)*u.AA
    spec1d = Spectrum1D(spectral_axis=wavelength, flux=flux)

For Cubeviz::

    from jdaviz import CubeViz
    myinstance = CubeViz()
    myinstance.load_data("/Users/demouser/data/cube_file.fits")

For Mosviz::

    from jdaviz.configs.mosviz.helper import MosViz as Mosviz
    myinstance = Mosviz()
    myinstance .app

>     import tempfile
>     data_dir = tempfile.gettempdir()
>     mosviz.load_data(directory=data_dir, instrument="nirspec") # Or niriss

Reviewer: This is all fake code anyway, no reason to introduce "tempfile" here to complicate things.

```suggestion
    mosviz.load_data(directory="/path/to/data/file", instrument="nirspec") # Or niriss
```
